So...
...this is how it ends.
That's, uh...
...no happily ever after for me.
Uh... yes. The last words.
Uhm, now, uh, yes...
...so long, eh.
Wooow, I'm nearly losing my balance, aaaah...
Maya.
You're cringe.
~Because that would be fun?~
~And because we're family...~
~...and because I don't want you to feel lonely...~
~...because I know you don't have any friends.~
Shut your mouth, orphan!
What?
Mind your own business!
What?!
Get the typhus.
I'm not... lonely!
Loneliness is an extravert conspiracy.
I don't need any of you.
The only friend that I need...
...is...
...MY PRESENTATION!
Oh!
Hey Maya!
There you are!
First of all...
...my sincere apologies for the death threat.
I should not have done that.
But we really need to go to the computer lab right now!
But I don't have a presentation?
Uhm...
...you have ONE presentation...
Belgium?!
Just leave it to Mymy...
NOOOOOOOO
Don't panic!
I gave her some...
...points for improvement.
...and, that was my presentation?
You know...
...that sounded quite a lot like something that...
...MYMY would present.
But it wasn't racist so it probably wasn't.
I'll give you a...
...pass.
But you really need to work on your eye contact.
You can't interest the audience if you don't...
What?!
UHM!
Uh-huh... h-hello?!
Hey Maya.
Uhm...
...Mymy and I are going to play a game.
Care to join us?
N-no.
Very well.
Uhm...
...have a nice evening.
Don't talk to me, together I feel more alone
Forget my name, you and I have nothing in common
There is no point in introducing me
I know my place, in a long line, in the back
I know myself, and I don't recommend her to anyone
She's worth ignoring for good
I always said I was different from the rest
Now I stay quiet, before I ruin your mood
I'm getting addicted to isolating myself
The free time in which I did not enjoy myself
The memories I have never experienced
Am I traumatizing myself?
Don't mind me it's only me
See right though me
I'd much rather die than go out
So please leave me alone
Don't perceive me
It's only me